playground: add links to playground (#13744)
pingcap/docs: quick-start-with-tidb.md

- [Deploy a local test cluster](#deploy-a-local-test-cluster) (for macOS and Linux)
- [Simulate production deployment on a single machine](#simulate-production-deployment-on-a-single-machine) (for Linux only)

> In addition, you can have a try of TiDB on [TiDB Playground](http://play.tidbcloud.com/).

Author: ```suggestion
In addition, you can have a try of TiDB features on [TiDB Playground](http://play.tidbcloud.com/).
```

> In addition, you can try out TiDB features on [TiDB Playground](http://play.tidbcloud.com/).

Reviewer: https://play.tidbcloud.com/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=tidb_quick_start

> In addition, you can try out TiDB features on [TiDB Playground](http://play.tidbcloud.com/).

Author: ```suggestion
In addition, you can try out TiDB features on [TiDB Playground](http://play.tidbcloud.com/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=tidb_quick_start).
```

> In addition, you can have a try of TiDB features on [TiDB Playground](http://play.tidbcloud.com/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, you can try out TiDB features on [TiDB Playground](http://play.tidbcloud.com/).
```

> In addition, you can try out TiDB features on [TiDB Playground](http://play.tidbcloud.com/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=tidb_quick_start).

Author: ```suggestion
In addition, you can try out TiDB features on [TiDB Playground](https://play.tidbcloud.com/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=tidb_quick_start).
```
